self-hosted: fix chaining rules (#173)
Akuli/oomph: docs/syntax.md

6. `as` (the right side is a type, not an expression)
7. `in`, `not in` (it is an error to chain these)
8. `not`

> 9. `and`, `or` (chaining is special: `a and b or c` is an error, but `a and b and c`, `a or b or c` are fine)

Author: ```suggestion
9. `and`, `or` (chaining different keywords, e.g. `a and b or c`, is an error)
```
